Add missing method on interface for shop based cart context (#15328)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-2.0.md

        * `sylius.mailer.templates`

> * Added the `Sylius\Component\Order\Context\ResattableCartContextInterface`, extending `Sylius\Component\Order\Context\CartContextInterface` with `Symfony\Contracts\Service\ResetInterface`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `Sylius\Component\Order\Context\ResettableCartContextInterface` that extends `Sylius\Component\Order\Context\CartContextInterface` and `Symfony\Contracts\Service\ResetInterface`.
```
wdyt?
